THE SCRIPT
[0:00 — Intro]
NARRATOR:

"What you're looking at is NemoClaw — an AI-powered safety inspection system built entirely on NVIDIA technology, running locally on a DGX GB10 Superchip. No cloud. No latency. Everything you're about to see is processed on this single machine."


"The brain is NVIDIA Nemotron — a large language model running locally via NVIDIA NIM. It understands natural language and converts it into real robot commands in real time."


"The robot is Henrik — a ROSPug quadruped. Henrik is going to inspect this room for us."


[0:30 — Type the command]
TYPIST types:
walk forward and inspect the room for safety hazards
NARRATOR:

"We just gave Henrik a natural language instruction. No code, no manual controls, no programming. Nemotron is parsing that right now and generating a structured action plan."

[UI shows: Sending to NIM model... → Model response received → Plan: cautious_walk]

"In under 3 seconds, Nemotron has converted plain English into a sequence of robot commands. Henrik is now executing."


[1:00 — Henrik starts walking]
[Henrik starts walking, images appear in right panel every 2 seconds]
NARRATOR:

"As Henrik moves through the space, his onboard camera is capturing images every 2 seconds. You can see those appearing live in the right panel."


"At the same time, Henrik's MS-200 LiDAR sensor is scanning 360 degrees, 10 times per second, measuring distance to every surface around him in real time."


[1:45 — Henrik has passed the phone, images are in the panel]
NARRATOR:

"Henrik has completed his inspection route. Let's see what he found."

TYPIST clicks ANALYZE on the image that captured the phone
NARRATOR:

"We're asking Nemotron to analyze this image for safety compliance violations."

[Compliance check runs — 10-15 seconds]

"Now watch this."

[Findings appear — phone flagged]

"Nemotron has identified a personal device — a phone — left on the floor. We didn't tell it to look for a phone. We didn't program a phone detector. Nemotron examined the scene the same way a trained safety inspector would and flagged it as a hazard."

[Pause for audience reaction]

"That's the power of a 30-billion parameter reasoning model. Henrik saw something a human walkthrough might miss. Nemotron caught it, categorized it, and told us exactly what to do about it."


[2:30 — Analyze more images]
TYPIST clicks ANALYZE on a second image
NARRATOR:

"Every image Henrik captured is available for analysis independently. Let's check this one."

[Second findings appear — open door or loose cable flagged]

"Open door flagged — that's a security and fire safety violation in most facility compliance frameworks. Loose cable — trip hazard, flagged as HIGH severity."


"Each finding is categorized. HIGH means immediate action required. WARNING means attention needed. PASS means compliant."


"Henrik just did in 2 minutes what a manual inspection checklist takes 30 minutes to cover — and produced documented, photographic evidence for every finding."


[3:15 — Show the report]
NARRATOR:

"Every analysis generates a timestamped compliance report with image evidence, severity ratings, and remediation guidance."


"This is an auditable record. If a regulator asks when that cable was last inspected and what action was taken — this report is your answer."


[3:45 — Give Henrik new instructions]
TYPIST types:
turn right and continue inspection
NARRATOR:

"We can give Henrik new instructions at any point in plain English. He resumes from where he stopped."

[Henrik turns and continues]

"The entire system — language model, vision model, robot control stack — runs locally on a single DGX GB10. No internet connection required during operation. No data leaves the facility. For customers in regulated industries, that's not a nice-to-have. That's a requirement."


[4:30 — Closing]
NARRATOR:

"What you just saw is Phase 1 of NemoClaw. Henrik autonomously navigated a space, captured photographic evidence of the environment, and Nemotron identified real safety hazards from those images — all from a single natural language command."


"Phase 2 integrates NVIDIA Isaac Sim for a live digital twin of the inspection environment — a 3D map of every finding, exactly where it was flagged, updated in real time as Henrik moves through the facility."


"This is NemoClaw. Built on NVIDIA NIM. Running on DGX GB10. Deployed on a ROSPug quadruped. Thank you."


BACKUP LINES
If NIM is slow responding:

"Nemotron is a 30-billion parameter reasoning model running entirely on local hardware — give it just a moment."

If Henrik drifts off course:

"Henrik's gait resets every 2 seconds to prevent drift accumulation — you'll notice him self-correcting his path."

If compliance check takes long:

"Nemotron is examining every detail of this image against our safety ruleset — the same model that understood your natural language command is now doing computer vision analysis."

If someone asks about cloud:

"Everything runs on the GB10. The NIM endpoint is localhost. No data leaves this machine."

If someone asks about other robots:

"NemoClaw is robot-agnostic — any ROS-compatible robot can be swapped in. We chose Henrik for his quadruped mobility in confined spaces."

If obstacle stop triggers unexpectedly:

"Henrik's LiDAR detected something within his safety threshold and stopped automatically — exactly as designed. We can redirect him with a new command."

If the demo breaks entirely:

"Let me show you what this looks like when it's running —" [pull up screenshots or previous report]


STARTUP CHEAT SHEET
1. NIM:
   [your exact NIM start command here]

2. NoMachine Terminal 1:
   roslaunch rosbridge_server rosbridge_websocket.launch

3. NoMachine Terminal 2:
   sudo systemctl stop start_app_node.service
   roslaunch pug_control pug_control.launch

4. GB10:
   cd ~/RoboticDogs
   source venv/bin/activate
   python3 app.py

5. Browser:
   http://localhost:5000

6. Demo room ROBOT_IP: [fill in Tuesday]

ONE PAGE TALKING POINTS
PhaseWhat happensWhat to sayCommandType NL command"No code, no manual control"WalkingHenrik moves, images appear"Camera every 2s, LiDAR 10x per second"AnalyzeClick on phone image"We didn't tell it to look for a phone"FindingsPhone, door, cable flagged"Same model, now doing computer vision"ReportTimestamped findings"Auditable record for regulators"New commandHenrik resumes"Plain English, any time"CloseThank you"Local, no cloud, data stays here"